
cirread tre.aag
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100000
cirp -net
usage
q -f 
cirp -net

cirread tests.fraig/test1.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/test2.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage


cirread tests.fraig/strash09.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/strash08.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/strash07.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/strash06.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/strash05.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/strash04.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim15.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
cirread tests.fraig/sim15.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim14.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim13.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim12.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage

cirread tests.fraig/sim11.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim10.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim09.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim08.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim07.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim06.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim05.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim04.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim03.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim02.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/sim01.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn100
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C7552.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C6288.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C5315.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C3540.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C1908.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C1355.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn10000
cirp -net
usage
cirread tests.fraig/ISCAS85/C880.aag -r
cirprint -PI
cirprint -PO
cirprint
cirprint -fl
dofile cirpn1000
cirp -net
usage
usage
q -f


